`getAsFileSystemHandle` returns a `Promise` (#13500)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/datatransferitem/getasfilesystemhandle/index.md

### Return value

> A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to a {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} or {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with a {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} or {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.
```

Reviewer: This is the preferred way of saying this on this site and at other prominent places.

Author: Alright, for reference I copied the wording from https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#return_value.

Author: Based on https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-promise.all, I think it should be:
```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} which is fulfilled with a {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} or {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.
```

Reviewer: Regarding the other MDN page, this site is the product of many hands over many years and not all of it edited consistently. I changed the wording to 'fulfills with' since that matches the [spec language](https://tc39.es/ecma262/multipage/control-abstraction-objects.html#sec-asynciterator-interface).

Regarding the second suggestion, it goes against a writing best practice to omit needless words [Strunk and White](https://www.amazon.com/Elements-Style-Fourth-William-Strunk/dp/020530902X), rule II-17.

Author: Would ``A `Promise` fulfilled with`` work for you? I find `fulfills` a bit weird in that context.

Reviewer: Sure.

> A {{jsxref('Promise')}} which is fulfilled with a {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} or {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.

Author: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref('Promise')}} fulfilled with a {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} or {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.
```
